Hello.
Everyone will come to this UI UX crash course with anybody can develop is going to continue from where
we left off yesterday.
So what I'm going to do today is I'm going to create an frame from scratch.
I'm just going to duplicate the frame I already created and then continue from there.
We all remember our duplication technique.
Replicate your screen and change the name of the new screen to log in.
In screen.
They say so that these are clapping with a Zen icon inside.
Okay.
So we are going to greet them since we didn't do that.
All right.
So with this, what you're going to do is before that, we can see that there's an icon inside the shape
and there's an icon here as well.
So another technique I'm going to teach you right now is how you can use plug in figma right click in
the empty space in your work area.
Okay.
When you right click, you get a pop up menu.
You have show UI, choose large hide UI, quick actions and then plugin you hover over the plugin for
click java what you want to do.
You see if you already have plugins installed, you see a list of plugins and the options, manage plugins,
browse plugins and community.
If you don't have any plugins installed, you just see the manage plugins and the browser plugins in
community.
What you do is you click on Browse plugins in community.
Do we get that?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
So now what I want you to do if you on this page, you will see on Splash as the first plugin and I
quantify as a second plugin stream.
Right, you'll notice that some buttons and on the buttons are written in stone and stone.
So what I want you to do is install the I qualify plugin, which is the second plugin on the list.
So just as you can see on my screen, I've already installed it, so I don't need to click on new stuff
to install.
For those of you who don't have that plugin, click on it and then it instantly installs the plugin
for you.
So now we have
our first, I'm assuming we all have enjoyed a plugin before, so we have our first plugin stored.
Now before we use the plugin, we are going to do it this shape that we missed yesterday, seconds to
one second.
So what you are going to do is you are going to pick the rectangle to from the tools menu or you just
press are on the keyboard and then you start drawing your rectangle on the.
The frame or the assemblage.
Okay.
So and it's supposed to be small because actually it is quite small.
Yes.
Okay.
So now I have my rectangle.
And they a bit more.
I have my rectangle.
Now.
Yesterday, I taught you how to carve the corners of your shapes.
Today, what I'm going to learn is how to carve a corner.
Yesterday, we learned how to give the contents of the ship as a group like Cave or the contents at
once.
Today, what?
We are going to do it.
We are going to learn how to ground or cave the contents individually.
So.
I can't choose to carry this rank or not without affecting the other kids.
Or I can just choose to give to one without affecting one or none.
Yeah.
So I still have my chip.
I just created selected and my mouth is currently on the juice box.
And if you all observe, we see that there's a small square beside the box.
Once I who are worried, you see independent columns showing.
We see that.
Yes.
Okay, good.
So you click on that.
When you click on that, you get an additional function down there.
So now what we are going to do this.
So this is the shape you are designing, right?
With my rectangle selected rectangle aggregates.
You can see that after we click the square box or the square icon, we had a number of options broken
down.
This is to reduce, but this time we have the individual values of the four corners.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to round three corners and leave one.
So
that's hundred is too huge.
So I start inputting my values huge and then leave the parts I don't want to round the.
Okay.
It's.
I think I'm right.
You think you are?
So yeah, I think.
Thank you.
Except I mean, I think as you make it a bit more as you do though, if it looks similar because I agree
that it looks similar.
Right.
So now we have come to use our plugin that we installed because we need to put an icon on this clip.
As you can see in the original Victoria Trinity Design, original design we are trying to do so once
again, you are actually in your way in the free workspace.
There are options this time when you are a plugin or click plugin, you see the.
The plugin you installed, which is the icon inside.
We see that.
You see your icon, that asset icon you plug in that installed.
In this case, you are going to use I quantify.
So I tap on, I quantify and I wait for it to drop here.
That's because I already searched for something.
So this icon here looks like a globe something.
So I'm going to search group out to see what I'll find.
Okay.
So I got something similar.
So what I do is I'll click and hold the one I'm choosing and then drag it to my frame.
So now I have my icon on my ship.
What I'm going to do and as you notice, it's not really visible because the color of the iPhone is
low.
Contrast the color of the shape.
So what I'm doing converts the color from black to white so that you can notice it more.
So after I've done this, I'm going to do what me?
I'm going to do.
So after you've done this, they give you this one.
So now this is next.
As you can see, we have a similar shape, but this one is bigger than the other one.
I'm not going to create the shape from I'm going to create this thing.
So as I said, I'm not going to create the shape from scratch.
I just copy and paste what I already created and modified, modify it again.
So now I'll duplicate that my shape.
I suppose I could have created a duplicate of it.
So then this is what's creating the occasion.
This my people.
If you want to see this, creates this for me.
Yes, for my own.
I duplicated what I created earlier and I just enlarged it, as you can see, as I enlarged it, that
she becomes like, what is here?
But then you notice that my is like inverted the opposite of what is here.
You got to see it.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to flip it both horizontally and vertically.
Let me see.
This is an experiment
with zero eggs.
So I just copied or duplicated the first one I created, enlarged it, and then I right click on it.
So I right click on it on the shape, the duplicate shape that I enlarged.
And then if you see the pop up menu, you can see flip horizontally and flip vertical.
I'll flip it horizontally and then flip it vertically.
The Varla, I have my shape.
Okay.
All right, all right.
So let me send it back.
This is why it looks like this has a bit of a shadow.
Now it just converts the colour to whites.
And then we have it looks like this one has an icon by which time gets an icon type.
$500.
And this month besides.
So 500.
And this might.
We?
MP Changing the colour white.
Yeah.
Change the colour of the ship to white.
If you duplicate it or if you feel you're feeling adventurous and you think you can pick a colour that
works right.
His company.
With nothing else.
I give this things to coach.
Because we.
What's it all?
Okay.
So I left out my iPhone, so it looks a bit different.
I'm putting the log in the stream side so that you can look on it.
So we noticed that the log in is also using the capsule image.
Right.
The Cubs will image and text.
The only difference here is we have to add
a marxist here and also this thing.
Yeah, there's nothing here and it doesn't have the capsules.
Two capsules at the top.
What I'm going to do is I'm not going to delete the capsules at the top, the capsule shapes at the
top.
I'm only going to group it and then delete one so that I can use that one to form this shape or do this
or create this design.
As that's my own grouping, this layout here, then deleting one of them, I move the one that I left
behind here.
I enlarges a bit just so I can create the shape.
Around my corner is a bit more around so that I can see you achieve a similar.
I think this is a bit stronger than this
one.
That's fine.
Okay.
So then how have it received?
Now.
All right.
No, no.
Give me.
The next thing you are going to do is you are going to if you look at the image here, you see that
the back image is now up here and then the front image is here.
So it's like the switch places.
So now we are just going to move them, switch them to as well.
Then they're just
going to do now is going to use a different picture.
Okay.
Is it clear?
I know.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
I need to use my
way of
doing
it.
Okay.
So moving on.
Moving on and moving on.
Moving on.
Then this up a bit so that we can get enough space to select.
Then.
Now I'm really hoping you grouped that now in the shape for it to become one so that we have ready to
move.
So if you did that, that's good.
So if you didn't do that, then you are now going to have to select the text and the shape behind it.
So select these things as I'm doing and then move them up a bit so that we get enough space for the
that is from the input side.
Because.
I think this is a key move that takes up a bit.
So.
Okay.
Yes, that takes a bit.
Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to guess the top of my text here and then change.
The text log in now.
They modified this year's.
Sorry.
And the details.
That's a good thing,
right?
Okay, so this is no need to delete this.
Thank you very much.